This document is a guide to understanding the structure of a study program on the OUI website, in order to advise students about their study plan. 


A "study program" (הדרישות לתואר) defines the course requirements, constraints, and rules for obtaining a degree. It consists of various sections, each containing courses and possibly subsections, recursively. Each course is identified by a unique number - the course ID, usually accompanied by the course name and its type and number of credits. Footnotes may annotate the program, the sections, or the courses to specify additional constraints or provide clarifications.


A "study plan" (תוכנית לימודים לאישור) is a personalized list of courses that a student has completed or plans to complete, adhering to the study program.
Helpful resources of information:
* תכניות הלימודים לתואר ראשון לסוגיהן: https://academic.openu.ac.il/degrees/pages/Curriculum.aspx
* מידע אודות אישור תוכנית לימודים: https://academic.openu.ac.il/degrees/pages/approval.aspx


=Understanding the study program page=


The study programs json file in the knowledge base contains the data extracted from the web pages of the various study programs of one of the faculties of the OUI. The file contains a list of study program elements. Each program contains a heading with general information like the program code, name and additional information, and a list of sections. Each section contains either information about the program requirements or a category of courses, and may contain sub-sections. 


== Mandatory courses ==
When the title of a section or a sub-section contains the word ‘חובה’, it means that they contain mandatory courses. In this case, in order for a study plan to adhere to the study program, it needs to contain all its mandatory courses.


== Elective courses ==
When the title of a section or a sub-section contains the word ‘בחירה’, it means that they contain elective courses. In this case, the title of the section or the sub-section contain the minimum number of credit points (‘נ”ז’) that are required.


When a section or sub-section is not explicitly marked as mandatory or elective, it is considered elective by default. For example, seminars (‘סמינר’), workshops (‘סדנה’) and projects (‘פרויקט’) are elective courses. If an elective section or sub-section contains a single course, than that course is mandatory.


==Understanding the course page=
The courses json file in the knowledge base contains data on all the courses offered by the same faculty of the OUI.